    Abundantia,
    Acca Larentia,
    Acis,
    Aerecura,
    Aequitas,
    Aesculapius,
    Aeternitas,
    Aion,
    Aius Locutius,
    Alernus,
    Angerona,
    Angitia,
    Anna Perenna,
    Annona,
    Antevorta,
    Apollo,
    Arimanius,
    Aura,
    Aurora,
    Averruncus,

    Bacchus,
    Bellona
    Bona Dea,
    Bonus Eventus,
    Bubona,

C

    Caca,
    Cacus,
    Caelus,
    Camenae,
    Cardea,
    Carmenta,
    Carmentes,
    Carna,
    Ceres,
    Clementia,
    Cloacina,
    Concordia,
    Consus,
    Cupid,
    Cura,
    Cybele,

D

    Dea Dia,
    Dea Tacita,
    Decima,.

Diana Nemorensis on a denarius

    Devera,
    Diana,
    Diana Nemorensis,
    Discordia,
    Dius Fidius,
    Di inferi,
    Disciplina,
    Dis Pater,

E
The Gallo-Roman horse goddess Epona

    Egeria, water nymph or goddess, later considered one of the Camenae.
    Empanda or Panda, a goddess whose temple never closed to those in need.
    Epona, Gallo-Roman goddess of horses and horsemanship, usually assumed to be of Celtic origin.

F

    Falacer, obscure god. He was assigned a minor flamen.
    Fama, goddess of fame and rumor.
    Fascinus, phallic god who protected from invidia (envy) and the evil eye.
    Fauna, goddess of prophecy, but perhaps a title of other goddesses such as Maia.
    Faunus, god of flocks.
    Faustitas, goddess who protected herd and livestock.
    Febris, goddess of fevers with the power to cause or prevent fevers and malaria. Accompanied by Dea Tertiana and Dea Quartiana.
    Februus, god of Etruscan origin for whom the month of February was named; concerned with purification
    Fecunditas, personification of fertility.
    Felicitas, personification of good luck and success.
    Ferentina, patron goddess of the city Ferentinum, Latium, protector of the Latin commonwealth.
    Feronia, goddess concerned with wilderness, plebeians, freedmen, and liberty in a general sense. She was also an Underworld goddess.
    Fides, personification of loyalty.
    Flora, goddess of flowers, was assigned a flamen minor.
    Fornax, goddess probably conceived of to explain the Fornacalia, "Oven Festival."
    Fontus or Fons, god of wells and springs.
    Fortuna, goddess of fortune.
    Fufluns, god of wine, natural growth and health. He was adopted from Etruscan religion.
    Fulgora, personification of lightning.
    Furrina, goddess whose functions are mostly unknown, but in archaic times important enough to be assigned a flamen.

G

    Genius, the tutelary spirit or divinity of each individual
    Gratiae, Roman term for the Charites or Graces.

H
Roman statue of the infant Hercules strangling a snake

    Hercules, god of strength, whose worship was derived from the Greek hero Heracles but took on a distinctly Roman character.
    Hermaphroditus, an androgynous Greek god whose mythology was imported into Latin literature.
    Honos, a divine personification of honor.
    Hora, the wife of Quirinus.

I

    Indiges, the deified Aeneas.
    Intercidona, minor goddess of childbirth; invoked to keep evil spirits away from the child; symbolised by a cleaver.
    Inuus, god of fertility and sexual intercourse, protector of livestock.
    Invidia, goddess of envy and wrongdoing.

J
A janiform sculpture, perhaps of Janus
Punishment of Ixion: in the center is Mercury holding the caduceus and on the right Juno sits on her throne. Behind her Iris stands and gestures. On the left is Vulcan (blond figure) standing behind the wheel, manning it, with Ixion already tied to it. Nephele sits at Mercury's feet; a Roman fresco from the eastern wall of the triclinium in the House of the Vettii, Pompeii, Fourth Style (60-79 AD).

    Janus,
    Juno,
    Jupiter,
    Justitia,
    Juturna,
    Juventas,
    Lares,
    Latona,
    Laverna,
    Lemures,
    Levana,
    Letum,
    Liber,
    Libera,
    Liberalitas,
    Libertas,
    Libitina,
    Lua, godd
    Lucifer,
    Lucina,
    Luna,
    Lupercus,
    Lympha,
    Mana Genita,
    Manes,
    Mania,
    Mantus,
    Mars,
    Mater Matuta,
    Meditrina,
    Mefitis,
    Mellona,
    Mena or Mene,
    Mercury,
    Minerva,
    Mithras,
    Molae,
    Moneta,
    Mors,
    Morta,
    Murcia or Murtia, a little-known goddess who was associated with the myrtle, and in other sources was called a goddess of sloth and laziness (both interpretations arising from false etymologies of her name). Later equated with Venus in the form of Venus Murcia.
    Mutunus Tutunus, a phallic god.
    Naenia, goddess of funerary lament.
    Nascio, personification of the act of birth.
    Necessitas, goddess of destiny, the Roman equivalent of Ananke.
    Nemesis, goddess of revenge (Greek), adopted as an Imperial deity of retribution.
    Neptune, god of the sea, earthquakes, and horses, and one of the Dii Consentes. Greek equivalent is Poseidon.
    Nerio, ancient war goddess and the personification of valor. The consort of Mars.
    Neverita, presumed a goddess, and associated with Consus and Neptune in the Etrusco-Roman zodiac of Martianus Capella but otherwise unknown.[37]
    Nixi, also di nixi, dii nixi, or Nixae, goddesses of childbirth.
    Nona, minor goddess, one of the Parcae (Roman equivalent of the Moirai). The spinner of the thread of life, her Greek equivalent was Clotho.
    Nortia a Roman-adopted Etruscan goddess of fate, destiny, and chance from the city of Volsinii, where a nail was driven into a wall of her temple as part a new-year ceremony.
    Nox, goddess of night, derived from the Greek Nyx.
    Ops or Opis, goddess of resources or plenty.
    Orcus, a god of the underworld and punisher of broken oaths.
    Palatua, obscure goddess who guarded the Palatine Hill. She was assigned a flamen minor.
    Pales, deity of shepherds, flocks and livestock.
    Panda, see Empanda.
    Parcae, the three fates.
    Pax, goddess of peace; equivalent of Greek Eirene.
    Penates or Di Penates, household gods.
    Picumnus, minor god of fertility, agriculture, matrimony, infants and children.
    Picus, Italic woodpecker god with oracular powers.
    Pietas, goddess of duty; personification of the Roman virtue pietas.
    Pilumnus, minor guardian god, concerned with the protection of infants at birth.
    Pluto, Greek Plouton, a name for the ruler of the dead popularized through the mystery religions and Greek philosophy, sometimes used in Latin literature and identified with Dis pater or Orcus.
    Poena, goddess of punishment.[citation needed]
    Pomona, goddess of fruit trees, gardens and orchards; assigned a flamen minor.
    Porrima, goddess of the future. Also called Antevorta. One of the Carmentes and the Camenae.
    Portunus, god of keys, doors, and livestock, he was assigned a flamen minor.
    Postverta or Prorsa Postverta, goddess of childbirth and the past, one of the two Carmentes (other being Porrima).
    Priapus, imported phallic guardian of gardens.
    Proserpina, Queen of the Dead and a grain-goddess, the Roman equivalent of the Greek Persephone.
    Providentia, goddess of forethought.
    Pudicitia, goddess and personification of chastity, one of the Roman virtues. Her Greek equivalent was Aidôs.
    Querquetulanae, nymphs of the oak.
    Quirinus, Sabine god identified with Mars; Romulus, the founder of Rome, was deified as Quirinus after his death. Quirinus was a war god and a god of the Roman people and state, and was assigned a flamen maior; he was one of the Archaic Triad gods.
    Quiritis, goddess of motherhood. Originally Sabine or pre-Roman, she was later equated with Juno.
    Robigo or Robigus, a god or goddess who personified grain disease and protected crops.
    Roma, personification of the Roman state.
    Rumina, goddess who protected breastfeeding mothers.
    Salacia, goddess of seawater, wife of Neptune.
    Salus, goddess of the public welfare of the Roman people; came to be equated with the Greek Hygieia.
    Sancus, god of loyalty, honesty, and oaths.
    Saturn, a titan, god of harvest and agriculture, the father of Jupiter, Neptune, Juno, and Pluto.
    Scotus, god of darkness (Di inferi); brother of Terra, lover of Nox and opposite Dis. Greek Erebos; deep, shadow and one of the primordial deities.
    Securitas, goddess of security, especially the security of the Roman empire.
    Silvanus, god of woodlands and forests.
    Sol/Sol Invictus, sun god.
    Somnus, god of sleep; equates with the Greek Hypnos.
    Soranus, a god later subsumed by Apollo in the form Apollo Soranus. An Underworld god.
    Sors, god of luck.
    Spes, goddess of hope.
    Stata Mater, goddess who protected against fires. Sometimes equated with Vesta.
    Sterquilinus ("Manure"), god of fertilizer. Also known as Stercutus, Sterculius, Straculius, Struculius.
    Suadela, goddess of persuasion, her Greek equivalent was Peitho.
    Summanus, god of nocturnal thunder.
    Sulis Minerva, a conflation of the Celtic goddess Sul and Minerva
    Talasius, a god of marriage
    Tellumo or Tellurus, male counterpart of Tellus.
    Tempestas, a goddess of storms or sudden weather, usually plural as the Tempestates
    Terra Mater or Tellus, goddess of the earth and land. The Greek equivalent is Gaea, mother of titans, consort of Caelus (Uranus).
    Terminus, the rustic god of boundaries.
    Tiberinus, river god; deity of the Tiber river.
    Tibertus, god of the river Anio, a tributary of the Tiber.
    Tranquillitas, goddess of peace and tranquility.
    Trivia, goddess of crossroads and magic, equated with Hecate.
    Vacuna, ancient Sabine goddess of rest after harvest who protected the farmers' sheep; later identified with Nike and worshipped as a war goddess.
    Vagitanus, or Vaticanus, opens the newborn's mouth for its first cry.
    Vediovus or Veiovis, obscure god, a sort of anti-Jupiter, as the meaning of his name suggests. May be a god of the underworld.
    Venilia or Venelia, sea goddess, wife of Neptune or Faunus.[citation needed]
    Venti, the winds, equivalent to the Greek Anemoi: North wind Aquilo(n) or Septentrio (Greek Boreas); South wind Auster (Greek Notus); East wind Vulturnus (Eurus); West wind Favonius (Zephyrus); Northwest wind Caurus or Corus (see minor winds).
    Venus, goddess of love, beauty, sexuality, and gardens; mother of the founding hero Aeneas; one of the Dii Consentes.
    Veritas, goddess and personification of the Roman virtue of veritas or truth.
    Verminus, god of cattle worms.
    Vertumnus, Vortumnus or Vertimnus, god of the seasons, and of gardens and fruit trees.
    Vesta, goddess of the hearth, the Roman state, and the sacred fire; one of the Dii Consentes.
    Vica Pota, goddess of victory and competitions.
    Victoria, goddess of victory.
    Viduus, god who separated the soul and body after death.
    Virbius, a forest god, the reborn Hippolytus.
    Virtus, god or goddess of military strength, personification of the Roman virtue of virtus.
    Volturnus, god of water, was assigned a flamen minor. Not to be confused with Vulturnus.
    Voluptas, goddess of pleasure.
    Vulcan, god of the forge, fire, and blacksmiths, husband to Venus, and one of the Dii Consentes, was assigned a flamen minor.